hey I'm Daisy Daisy though some people
might call me we're in a really amazing
house in East London on princeless
Street which is this really old mad maze
of a house I love it because you can
really explore in here because there's
so many different ways that you can find
your way around
the only reason why I ever said that I'd
be a model was so that I could see the
world travel it a bit more and so yeah
I'm a big Explorer cities are really
interesting in their own way but I like
walking on a path less traveled kind of
discovering things from myself rather
than just walking down streets
I think that originality is really
important I mean it's really important
but at the same time you need your
staples that oh you know everyone's
always going to have a pair of amazing
black boots or a good leather jacket or
a good pair of jeans and so in that
respect it's not always mandatory but in
London especially I think being original
is really important because in London
everyone likes to push the boundaries of
fashion and try and be different and
every Fashion Week it's proven time and
time again that our London kids can do
that and being original is isn't is
difficult but really really important so
that you stand out from the rest my
outfit I'm in some awesome palladium
kicks and some good old dies
American Apparel skirt Margaret Hal
teacher and McQueen Jackie
I like to be kind of rock and roll but
then also a bit of a flower child but
then I also like to be a bit like a
dolly but then I also kind of let's just
like a boy and then and then I like to
be a bit of a goth and and then I like
to be pretty too so it's kind of all of
it and none of it and everything and
nothing
early 90s has a strong hold on me for
short
like that whole floral grunge dresses
and messed up boots and leather jackets
and crop tops and ripped up jeans yeah
that that's kind of that's what I tend
to go for and my everyday basis or I can
close to and
if my flat was on fire the only thing
that I'd save apart from my dog because
I can save him to write he just followed
me anyway would be my Gareth puja and
yeah I've never spent so much money and
will never spend that much money on an
item of clothing ever again but it was
worth it and that's what I wear to do
everything in my house every day I have
to wear it for yeah as I said before
five minutes every day otherwise I can't
justify spending that much money
yeah Hoover with it on I dust with it on
change my sheets in it Isabella Blow was
just amazing and her originality really
influenced me when I was first starting
out in fashion and just her whole idea
of like just be selling the clothes it
doesn't matter
and then like I really look up to Helena
Bonham Carter because she just doesn't
give a toss what anyone thinks and she
always it's amazing just because she's
so bright and exciting and Audrey tattoo
because I'm really into all the French
stuff I think that like French is
so amazing if being authentic is just
like yeah being original and true to you
and and yeah just 100% whoever you are
you